- [Terezija] Writing and running tests
are essential parts of delivering reliable software,
but we don't always test as efficiently as we can.
Guess what?
We can do better.
This course will get you up to speed
on how to take advantage of Spring Boot's testing features
by mocking external systems,
using test slices, and supporting fluent APIs
to write fluent, precise, and performant integration tests.
We will deep dive into some tricky
real world testing scenarios
that have baffled us in the past,
such as data-based queries, caching, web layers,
and testing in microservice environments.
Hi, I'm Terezija Semenski.
I've been a software developer in Java and Spring
for over a decade.
The best way to learn integration testing
is to jump right in, so let's get started.